[WIP] Update Book Dash documentation (#4197)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/bookdash/bookdash-application.md

Finally, we provide details regarding the event schedule and ask our applicants to indicate which time slots for collaborative co-working and social sessions would work for their time zones.

(ch-bookdash-application-processing)=
## Processing Applications

> As of May 2025, processing Book Dash applications is currently a manual process usually conducted by the Research Community Manager or Research Project Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Processing Book Dash applications is currently a manual process usually conducted by a member of the Book Dash Planning Committee. 
```

* Does the applicant have a clear, feasible, and relevant idea of how they will contribute to the book dash?	This scoring corresponds generally to reviews of "not ready", "enthusiastic" and "clear" respectively:
* Is the applicant enthusiastic about reproducibility and the aims of _The Turing Way_?

Based on their evaluation of the applications they will provide scores for different criteria that will be assessed as follows:
1. Applicants who score **mostly 1s** do not have a clear idea/topic ready for contribution or do not have a clear understanding of the overall goals of _The Turing Way_ and book dash in general.
2. Applicants who score **mostly 2s** are enthusiastic if not wholly suitable for the project/event, for example, they may come with some ideas for a contribution that is currently not in the scope of the project/event.
3. Applicants who score **mostly 3s** are clearly ready, goal-oriented, interested in contributing to the project, and excited to learn from others at the event.

> All applications that have been flagged as a "wild card" and/or "request to discuss will be collated separately, so that .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All applications that have been flagged as a "wild card" and/or "request to discuss will be collated separately, so that the Planning Committee can review these as a group in the final application meeting.
```
